[Music]
there was a man of Benjamin whose name
was Kish the son of a bo the son of zero
the son of B keroth the son of a fire a
Benjamite a mighty a man of power and he
had a choice and handsome son whose name
was Sol there was not a more handsome
person than he among the children of
Israel from his shoulders upward he was
taller than any of the people now the
donkey's of Kish Saul's father were lost
and Kish said to his son Sol please take
one of the servants with you and arise
go and look for the donkey's so he
passed through the mountains of Ephraim
and through the land of Shelly sure but
they did not find them then they passed
through the land of Shalem and they were
not there then he passed through the
land of the Benjamites but they did not
find when they had come to the land of
Zef saul said to his servant who was
with him come let us return that's my
father cease caring about the donkey's
and become worried about us look now
there is in this city a man of God and
he is an honorable man
all that he says surely comes to pass so
let us go there perhaps he can show us
the way that we should go but look if we
go what shall we bring the men for the
bread in our vessels is all gone and
there is no present to bring to the man
of God
what do we have look I have here at hand
1/4 of a shekel of silver I will give
that to the man of God to tell us our
way formally in Israel when a man went
to inquire of God he spoke thus come let
us go to the seer for he who is now
called a prophet was formerly called a
seer then Saul said to his servant well
said
come let us go so they went to the city
where the man of God was as they went up
the hill to the city they met some young
women going out to draw water is the
seer here yes there he is just ahead of
you a hurry now for today he came to
this city because there is a sacrifice
of the people today on the high place as
soon as you come into the city you will
surely find him before he goes up to the
high place to eat for the people will
not eat until he comes because he must
bless the sacrifice afterward those who
are invited will eat now therefore let's
go up for about this time you will find
him so they went up to the city as they
were coming into the city there was
Samuel coming out toward them on his way
up to the high place now the Lord had
told Samuel in his ear
the day before Saul came saying tomorrow
about this time I will send you a man
from the land of
and you shall anoint him commander over
my people Israel
that he may save my people from the hand
of the Philistines for I have looked
upon my people because their cry has
come to me
so when Samuel saw Saul the Lord said to
him there he is the man of whom I spoke
to you this one shall reign over my
people then sold drew near to Samuel in
the gate please tell me where is the
seers house I am the seer go up before
me to the high place for you shall eat
with me today and tomorrow I will let
you go and will tell you all that is in
your heart but as for your donkeys that
were lost three days ago do not be
anxious about them
for they have been found and on whom is
all the desire of Israel is it not on
you and on all your father's house they
may not have Benjamite of the smallest
of the tribes of Israel and my family
the least of all the families of the
tribe of Benjamin why then do you speak
like this to me now Samuel took soul in
his servant and brought them into the
Hall and had them sit in the place of
honor among those who were invited there
were about thirty persons and Samuel
said to the cook
bring the portion which I gave you of
which I said - you said it apart so the
cook took up the thigh with its a part
and set it before salt here it is what
was kept back it was set apart for you
eat for until this time it has been kept
for you since I said I invited the
people so Saul ate with Samuel that day
when they had come down from the high
place into the city Samuels spoke with
Saul on the top of the house they arose
early and it was about the dawning of
the day that Samuel called to Saul on
the top of the house get up that I may
send you on your way and Saul arose and
both of them went outside he and Samuel
as they were going down to the outskirts
of the city Samuel said to Saul tell the
servant to go on ahead of us and he went
on
but you stand here a while that I may
announce to you the Word of God